HKV Led Bright Solar Lights Outdoor,74 LED Solar Motion Sensor Lights Outdoor, 3 Adjustable Heads Solar Security Lights, IP65 Waterproof Flood Lights for Pathway(Acrylic)

899

Brand	HKV
Material	Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene
Style	American
Light fixture form	Floodlight
Room Type	Garage
Product Dimensions	47L x 31W x 94H Millimeters
Specific Uses For Product	Yard, Garden, Patio, Driveway, Deck, Garage, Porch, Camping, Outdoor Shed
Indoor/Outdoor Usage	Outdoor
Power Source	Solar Powered
Installation Type	Flush Mount

About this item
ULTRA BRIGHT SOLAR MOTION LIGHTS OUTDOOR：Each outdoor solar lights with three heads design, Built-in 74 super bright LED, produce up to 2500lm 6500K high brightness output and good heat dissipation, find a place anywhere that can absorb solar energy, such as backyard, garden fences, patio, driveways, outdoor shed kit, deck, garage etc. The ideal installation height is about 6-10Ft. This motion sensor light outdoor has enough power in 6-8 hours in the sun.
WIDE ANGLE ILLUMINATION & ENHANCED PIR MOTION SENSOR: Innovative wide-angle design, easy to adjust the outside lights heads, lens hoods and motion sensor to different angles as your requirement, up to 270° wide lighting angle. Our outdoor solar lights Built-in a smart motion sensor that detects motion up within 180° & far from 26 feet, solar street light will Auto ON when the movement dectected, when no movement detected, the solar snowflake lights outdoor will AUTO turn OFF after 30 secounds.
3 INTELLIGENT LIGHTING MODES: 1.Strong lighting mode (When someone passes by, the solar garden lights will turn on at maximum brightness and turn off when there is no one nearby after 30s); 2. High light + slight lighting mode (The light stays in slight light mode all night, and light up with maximum brightness when detecting the passage of people or animals); 3.Slight light mode (the motion sensor light is always in a slight light state no matter if there is no one passing by)
LONGER LASTED BATTERY & All-WEATHER RESISTANT: Wireless security light Adopted monocrystalline silicon solar cells, the conversion rate reaches up to 20%. Incredible photocell efficiency, also working great in winter, and it Made of durable ABS material. Waterproof IP65 and Heatproof outdoor light fixture designed can stand up to the elements and bad weather.
RELIABLE QUALITY AND WARM REMINDER: After our outdoor lighting products are full of energy in the sun, you can cover the solar panel with your hands or other object to cover the sun, adjust the button to test and select mode.